# chatgpt-tweet-analysis
A mysql project to analyse chatgpt tweets dataset from waggle


We all know that artificial intelligence is the future, and we are getting closer to that future with the new sensa- tional discovery ChatGPT, which has both positive and negative outcomes. It is not within our purview to discuss its outcomes. However, People have been tweeting about ChatGPT, sharing their experiences with it and discussing articles or resources connected to it we have selected a data set that contains tweets about the ChatGPT on Twitter, messages containing the hashtag #chatgpt that were scraped from Twitter. The data set contains tweetid, user, context, and the number of replies, among other columns. We used Python to convert the data set into a data frame, conduct some DBMS normalization techniques, and clean the data before loading it into My SQL Database, which was connected to Amazon Web Services (AWS) via Python. To retrieve data, we used multiple SQL query techniques that includes DML,DDL,DCL commands, stored procedures, and triggers and presented our analysis.

We were able to successfully build and use our database application for analyzing the ChatGPT Twitter dataset. Using a relational database system required some data preprocessing to make it more structured for entering into the schema format. By analyzing this data through sql commands, we could generate insights into user statistics, popularity trends, and site usage patterns. Using a relational model allowed the applica- tion to have higher data consistency, which is appropriate for handling low volume of sensitive user data. The application
was also made cloud ready by being migrated to AWS. Through this project we were thus able to demonstrate how to leverage a database management system, in combination with Python programming and cloud instantiating, for building an application relevant to a present day data analysis use case.